HTMLref -> HTMLSidebar, part 3 (#21996)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/s/index.md

## See also

> - The {{HTMLElement("strike")}} element, alter ego of the {{HTMLElement("s")}} element is obsolete and should not be used on websites anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The {{HTMLElement("strike")}} element, alter ego of the {{HTMLElement("s")}} element is obsolete and should not be used on websites any more.
```

Author: 😕 https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/anymore

Reviewer: gross, but I guess it is a US thing :)
